Fixes GH-1683 (#1686)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/handbook-v2/Everyday Types.md

```ts twoslash
let obj: any = { x: 0 };

> // None of the following lines of code are will throw compiler errors.

Author: ```suggestion
// None of the following lines of code will throw compiler errors.
```

> // None of these lines of code are will throw compiler errors
> // That is none of these lines of code will have a red underline underneath them
> // However, this will still throw runtime errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// None of the following lines of code are will throw compiler errors.
// Using `any` disables all further type checking, and it is assumed 
// you know the environment better than TypeScript.
```
